okay so we're live streaming it right
now
all right we are live
so welcome to today's panel my name is
ankur liu I'm a program manager at the
Stellar development foundation or sdf
for short
sdf just quickly about sdf sdf is a
non-profit organization founded in 2014
to support the development and growth of
the open source Stellar network and so
before we begin a little context so
Stellar was founded in 2014 after
bitcoin before ethereum and handles
millions of transactions each day
submitted by businesses banks
governments and developers
all over the world to build innovative
financial products and services and
Stellar uses an energy efficient
syncing mechanism specifically designed
for remittances and payments so
transactions are processed within
seconds and cost way less than a penny
so what can you actually do with Stellar
so on Stellar you can issue your own
assets as tokens on the network think
stable coins such as usdc
cryptocurrencies real estates and nfts
practically anything
then you can also trade these tokens
peer-to-peer through a built-in
decentralized exchange or automated mark
maker functionality
and you can also transform currency as
you send it which is a powerful feature
to streamline cross-border payments but
let's get back to why you are all here
today
we have launched a blockchain
bootcamp in partnership with dfs lab to
support the boom of blockchain crypto
activities across the african continent
this was in fall 2021 and each content
each company spent a week at our virtual
boot camp going through
the design sprint process with the
guidance of a mentor and also access to
technical support from the Stellar
development seller developers and at
the end of the week everyone came
together for a virtual demo day with
select investors invited to join the
audience
we have we have like in total like
nine companies were selected and went
through the boot camp and we were
definitely not disappointed with the
results they participated they built
a proof of concept they
demoed at the demo day and or each
earned an award valued at either five or
fifteen thousand dollars depending on
the depth of their solution
so I'm very excited for today because
we have five of those nine companies
joining me
to discuss their experience to discuss
their growth and also some tips and
tricks for future blockchain particip
bootcamp participants
so without further ado i wanted to start
so without further ado I wanted to start
some introductions starting with
open
hi thanks ankit for introducing me
and hello everyone my name is ope and
ceo and co-founder of bonafide I'm gonna
find stemmed out of another product
called money me and i would give
called money me and I would give
most of that credit to the sdf
bootcamp and that we had nice to meet
you higgins
awesome well that's great to hear
great so next up is ben from stacks
hey everyone I'm ben I'm the ceo of
stacks and stacks is a universal
payment app for africa
where what we've done is given you one
app where you can link all of your bank
accounts and mobile wallets
to a single interface where you can then
transact without a data connection
that's really our big kind of unique
selling point is that it works offline
and then what we're doing with Stellar
is adding support for crypto where
we'll have a self self-custody
multi-token kind of strategy so think
like metamask but built for africa
alongside your fiat and integrated with
your fiat accounts i'll stop there
awesome thank you for introducing
yourself
then
phone bank christian and michael
hey everyone and I'm chris duffis I'm
the founder of phone bank and we offer a
unique on-ramp where we bridge the
less than one percent of the world
population within nearly 100 of the
world population that have
access to a mobile
phone
and we
really enjoyed our
experience at the dfs boot camp and and
the Stellar product we think it has
a great applicability to reducing
friction as in our marketplace
awesome well thank you for introducing
and then honeycoin david and dominic
hey everyone I'm super excited to be
here I'm david nander founder and ceo of
honeycoin i always say i found it to
honeycoin I always say I found it to
describe us it's sort of like if
coinbase and patreon had a baby and
that's maybe africa
so yeah we're standardized monetization
platform for both creators and consumers
and basically we exist to make the
payments for goods and services to
creators and the transfer value across
ecosystems easy and frictionless thank
you
thank you for introducing yourself and
company
cuidro funto please introduce
yourself
sure thanks nk
credo is an online platform factoring
platform actually i should first of all
platform actually I should first of all
introduce myself so olofontoboroffice
co-founder of creature which is an
online factory platform where
transactions are streamlined
and our smes on the african
continents can get paid within 72 hours
by selling their invoices to get fast
fast cash at favorable rates and we had
a great time at the
at the boot camp where we where we're
seeing the use of stella for our
seeing the use of Stellar for our
product is the fact that we're
looking for investors we're going to be
looking for investors to invest in
buying some of these invoices and we're
going to be looking at using them for
cross-border payments as we sort of
look at transforming currency and
peer-to-peer so thank you for having me
I'm excited to be here
awesome yeah we're excited to have you
as well
last stop last but not least at dfs
lab joseph
yeah hi everyone joseph from
dearcuslav here so the fs lab is an
early stage venture capital firm where
we invest in digital commerce companies
on the continents
very early pre-seed and seed stage
and we also you know work with
institutions like the stella foundation
institutions like the Stellar foundation
to kind of onboard companies
to like play around with innovative
technologies like stella yeah excited
technologies like Stellar yeah excited
to be here
thank you yeah we're so excited to have
you and to and thank you all to the
participants for introducing yourself
and your companies even like just
rehearing what you're building on is is
just like it's really great to hear
and I'm like also like the way you are
growing and the way you are in really
innovating in the space is is is
magnificent so i guess i know all of
magnificent so I guess I know all of
that but the participants don't know yet
so you know right now I'm going to start
stop sharing my screen and I'm going
to go into the discussion
and for all these though you watching
in the zoom there will also be
you can also ask questions and i will
you can also ask questions and I will
see if there's some time to answer
but
without further ado let's let's head
into the discussion so
i will start with with stacks with
I will start with with stacks with
ben
can you quickly talk us through your
solution that you've prototyped during
the previous boot camp
yeah so in the last boot camp we came in
really with just the question of of how
do we step our foot for or just get our
toe into crypto
we knew that we wanted to do something
with usdc and what we what we ended
up building in the bootcamp was a
prototype of showing the ability to
create a usdc wallet self-custody wallet
and to send money over usdc in stacks
without using a mobile data connection
and so what's kind of novel there
is that we our core technology has this
ability to automate ussd so just for
our our friends on the west who might
not know what that is
it's this legacy gsm channel it's
ubiquitous across africa and asia
and it basically is using part of the
voice channel to to transmit data and so
what we've done is we've used that
technology in an app
to make services work offline and even
though you're you're actually having a
synchronous connection with the server
we've done that with over 100 bank
and mobile money services today and 10
african markets but we wanted to start
offering crypto services as well and
give our users basically a us dollar
account and so that's where Stellar
and usdc came in
and so what we demonstrated was just
turning off so at the end of the
bootcamp you turned off mobile data on
your phone open stacks created a usdc
wallet and sent usdc to another USDC
address all with mobile data entirely
disabled
wow that's that's really impressive i
think like
like this is one of the key key like
issues also like having being able to
provide offline services is really key
especially in regions where
infrastructure is lacking so
definitely so you know
can you tell us a bit about you know
your plans for launch and also a little
bit so i saw that you've recently
bit so I saw that you've recently
published that you've acquired 2.2
million dollars in seed funding which is
amazing
congratulations yeah
honestly congratulations and like kind
of like how has your company grown so
like kind of what are your plans for
launch and what is that what is what
does growth look like already
yeah so we're getting ready for a big
push so come april that's when we
plan to actually implement the the
proof of concept we built in the lab or
in the boot camp and so april we
intend to push that live and really
start marketing from may at least in
kenya and a few other markets we're
still figuring out which markets to
start with but from may you'll see
that stax users pretty much anywhere on
the continent will be able to create
that usdc account and and send money
and receive money without data where
we want this to go is really kind of
like a metamask for africa kind of built
for africa play and the idea there is
self-custody so you have your crypto you
have your keys we don't touch any of
that and then the goal is that
you'll be able to
buy sell
you know swap hold all of your tokens
you can take them from stacks if you
want to any other web3 service because
you've got your keys
but the goal is that you can do that all
in stacks right alongside your bank
accounts and your multiple wallets and
so then the big lift for us over time is
going to be how we stitch those things
together so that you can have a seamless
kind of fiat crypto crypto to fiat
experience whatever token you have
whatever fiat accounts you have so
technically us launching that's going to
be very quick from me but where the hard
work is is going to be in stitching
everything together you know based on
Stellar anchor here or hack there or
whatever so that's really our plan
great yes and then you know i think
great yes and then you know I think
that's really exciting and then also
like having acquired the 2.2 million
dollars in seat funding do you want to
give a few more details about that
and how that came to be
yeah shout out to nomis ventures to
world within ventures launch africa
ventures orange down some others that
participated
it was really useful actually coming
out of the boot camp to just show that
we were we were serious about our our
ambitions to get into crypto and that we
had kind of we were able to
get a kind of trust mark or a seal of
approval from the community and so
that actually really helped us raise
money and and actually got us in front
of investors we hadn't spoken with
before so if you've everyone here has
been fundraising too often I'm sure but
like when you're pitching traditional
vcs that's one kind of segment or slice
of the pie and then when you start
pitching crypto that's a whole other big
slice of pie that wasn't available so
that's been super helpful to us
awesome well congratulations and i think
awesome well congratulations and I think
like another big player here that has
like received has
started quite a lot of seat funding is
phone bank so chris and michael i
would love to bring you to the stage and
and kind of like wanting to hear a bit
more like how what was that what was
that like like the the boot camp what
impact did that have and how have you
seen phone bank growth since then
so i might start out at that michael
so I might start out at that michael
and i we actually met through this boot
and I we actually met through this boot
camp he was our our mentor
and
provided some very sage guidance for
us and obviously it led to us
being one of the the finalists
and i and i think in many respects has
and I and I think in many respects has
led us to dr drive
hone our product market focus a lot more
which catalyzed in a 3.5 million
dollar seed finance thing among
from leading crypto and venture
investors
so i thought the the the camp was
so I thought the the the camp was
really great for us and we actually
in addition to the proceeds from
the camp also received a another Stellar
grant as we planned to
incorporate the protocol
into some programs that we'll be
launching
as soon as next week
wow as soon as next week I'm very
excited for that yes i heard about it
excited for that yes I heard about it
the marketing grant from sdf that's a
yeah
that's great great news I'm very excited
that you know we were able to support in
that way and you know kind of like going
back to what you said about like
michael and kind of coming on boards and
so michael you were a facilitator of the
team of phone bank team right because
like okay so to backtrack a real quick
so every team in the boot camp has a
specific facilitator assigned
and in this case michael was the
facilitator of phone bank so
michael what was that like first being a
facilitator of the team in the boot camp
and now co-founder and head of growth
africa of stone bank
yeah thank you thank you very much i
was actually seated at the same spot
I'm sitting now and chris and i
met and
i guess it was a bit over in hindsight
I guess it was a bit over in hindsight
it was a bit of a surprise but also
a lesson for me on the
the role of such ecosystem building
programs like the boot camp it's
really i think a lot of us maybe might
really I think a lot of us maybe might
have might think about it in terms of
coming to raise funding
or accelerating
some of the products that we are working
on but for me i mean the opportunity
on but for me I mean the opportunity
i got was matchmaking or finding
I got was matchmaking or finding
other ways to to benefit from from this
network and discord of
of great companies and great founders
so i i think that would be my that was
so I think that would be my that was
the biggest lesson that i took away from
the biggest lesson that I took away from
from from the benefit of such programs
and the kind of value you can derive
from these programs beyond just
the old-fashioned tried and tested
funding it can also be a place where you
could meet potential partners it could
be a place where you could you could
meet
co-founders like myself you know so who
knows so just look at it as a
as a
as a a
a ball of
of value that you can exploit
depending on whatever needs you have
yeah
yeah it's it's it's amazing i love that
yeah it's it's it's amazing I love that
like matchmaking that you really
bring that up it's like a book campus a
matchmaking event
i mean i think like
I mean I think like
it has actually like it's like when we
first started i had like you know like
first started I had like you know like
for me also like going in like okay like
we are doing this and then coming out
it's like all of these connections that
you really build and i was also like oh
you really build and I was also like oh
it's going to be like a virtual event
I'm not quite sure what that's going to
be like but the connection that we made
and kind of the lasting relationship
have also like on me like really helped
and kind of like last question for
for either of you to answer
because like last in a prep session
we we also like talked a bit about
kind of like your business model and
kind of like what
what what business model what is the
business model that i have allowed for
business model that I have allowed for
like such growth in the recent growth in
the company
so
we are
at its core an exchange where we
match individuals and businesses that
might trade in prepaid air time
with
individuals seeking digital money
and i think that's sort of the
and I think that's sort of the
inflection point that's taken off in our
in our business
where
you know people are trying to go from
the fiat world into crypto web 3 and all
and even traditional finance but in a
the lowest friction sort of a path
and i i think
and I think
exploring and you know and partnering
with Stellar
i think is a is a great way to reduce
I think is a is a great way to reduce
remove that friction in that process and
i think you know i mentioned that a
I think you know I mentioned that a
couple times because that's something
that that's key to sort of user better
user experience and act actually
in
my journey
through sort of product discovery in
this Stellar ecosystem i was very
this Stellar ecosystem I was very
pleasantly
surprised as to the progress
of
many of the developments whether it's
the amm and
the other various Stellar products
and i think in large part because it is
and I think in large part because it is
a
you know a low-cost
eco you know environmentally friendly
ecosystem i think it touches all the
ecosystem I think it touches all the
major items and it's there's been
significant improvement and so we're
excited to be partners
i thought that was all muted
I thought that was all muted
awesome well that's great to hear
like we are also excited to to be in
connection with all of you and sdf is
really here to support
those who are building on Stellar
sellers open source by the way anyone
can choose to build on a network but we
as a non-profit really try to see how we
can support people that are building
real world solutions on the network so
you know I'm very it's very great to
hear this as well and then kind of i
wanted to go into bonafide so a
few questions for ope actually
what was your experience with the boot
camp and
yeah what stood out
thank you and kay so like i mentioned
thank you and kay so like I mentioned
earlier when we came up into the into
the boot camp we had a different
product right that was a digital bank
for for migrants and we had
already started experiencing some
challenges
in terms of well the product was a
great product did they really
communicate or fulfill our mission
which is basically to like democratize
opportunities in general right and
the bootcamp helped us to
really walk through a design thinking
process to actually answer some of these
questions and come up with something
that's really simple
basic and works and for everyone now
the result of that is bonafide that
digital wallet that lets
any anyone save send and receive in
digital dollars and these is available
to to to all africans or one billion
africans who are currently you know
not connected to the global world
of commerce or trade and and that's
that's massive by itself and also
something we're very excited
about that happened within the boot camp
was being able to kind of fashion out
this no lost price that allows people to
actually kind of win big amounts of
money right without risk of losing any
money i mean
money I mean
that that's like super super fantastic
and then that's something that's new
that will bring it
to the continent on that so the boot
camp really helped us
pull all of that together and come up
with this simple product we're still
pre-launched we've already been
transacting millions of dollars based
on what we've
on a monthly basis the 2 million last
time last month based on what what
we've done so far and soon we'll be
going out big time into the into the
market yeah
oh wow that's a that that's a lot
congratulations on on that type of
volume already before or before
launching
that's amazing yeah because i
remember like we were like trying to
figure out the use case and obviously
like you know you know there are some
some like restrictions we can do and i
kind of like work out a way that really
like is a great business model so yeah
I'm very excited about that and being
able to use blockchain use Stellar to
allow such features is just something
you cannot do with any other technology
really so you know a little bit
back back checking back so you have
been part of like money me right and
money me has been in the Stellar
ecosystem for quite some time
can you explain a little bit about what
moneyb is and did the bootcamp kind
of experience change anything towards
your engagement with Stellar
yes so money me like i mentioned
yes so money me like I mentioned
earlier or the digital bank focused
on on migrants right and we we built
that product within very strict context
of u.s regulatory infrastructure
so
you know a couple of things you know
controlled by the banks as agents of the
banks u.s persons only not fully
democratized and you know we were trying
to kind of do something that was a bit
more democratized and that was what
bonafide was so how did this
Stellar ecosystem up there beyond you
know just the boot camp in itself i
think the relationships we we got we got
very very good referrals to other
classes ecosystem that we could
that we could work with right the
folks that we had the folks at wire
those were all you know relationships
that were broken by by by the
stella
Stellar
stella organization so so that was
Stellar organization so so that was
really helpful too
great yeah i know that that's that's
great yeah I know that that's that's
really great to know and it's also like
being able to
grow in the relationship develop and
i think like that's also something i
I think like that's also something i
want to point out to
future like or like to current seller
company
ecosystem companies build on Stellar
it's like you can
always like develop a relationship even
through this bootcamp but also through
other other avenues and we definitely
encourage that
so thank you so much opa that was a
really great outline i will come back to
really great outline I will come back to
that later
i wanted to hear about like funta i
I wanted to hear about like funta i
wanted to hear from you of kwedru
and so so creatoru was in a kind of
like an early development stage when you
applied to the boot camp what made
you decide to apply
thank you okay i think for us one of
thank you okay I think for us one of
the reasons why we decided to apply for
the boot camp was because we were really
like you mentioned really early stage we
wanted to sort of prove or sort of
use the the boot camp to sort of make
sure that we were going down the right
path
and you know
the bootcamp definitely
exceeded our expectation in making sure
i mean we mentioned the design sprint
I mean we mentioned the design sprint
being able to make sure that you know
the idea that we had was something
that was not only legitimate but that
would work and i think some of the
would work and I think some of the
other things that came out of the boot
camp was also you know just this
additional idea of you know being able
to
get investors because the way equity
works you know it's an essay SMS vendors
and then investors and you know now with
the bootcamp helped us to sort of
highlight or crystallize the fact that
we can then really go cross-border
payment and you know tap you know no
matter how small investments from
investors from across the world right
and so that was one of the things that
came out of the boot camp and we're so
excited that
not only did we finish the bootcamp
we got five thousand dollars which we're
excited about but then we were able to
transition into the the
development community and we were
able to get additional funding that has
allowed us now to hire for additional
engineers and we have some funding for
for marketing so we're super excited
and even though we're still
pre-launched i think of the next
pre-launched I think of the next
maybe a few months what everybody's
gonna be hearing about creatures so
excited super excited
yeah oh I'm I'm I'm excited to hear that
also about the scf and I'm coming back
to that in a later question
but quickly like kind of like about
the boot camp experience because you did
mention you know because we had i i
mention you know because we had I i
believe like companies in the booth
came from from very different levels
of development
and yeah i kind of wanted to if
and yeah I kind of wanted to if
you wanted to kind of go through what
your experience was and what you liked
about it
and and kind of like what impact that
had on your business in in a bit more
detail
sure so i'll be the first to say that
I'm a female non-tech founder
and so even coming into the boot
camp there was a bit of trepidation
because i was like oh my god what am i
because I was like oh my god what am i
getting myself into but i will say that
getting myself into but I will say that
you know not only was i able to
you know not only was I able to
keep up with the design sprint and
with everything that was going on i
think there was just a sense of at least
for me there was a sense of okay you
know the people who are you know
there's a big network out there that are
willing to support
i mean you just even you anki i mean
I mean you just even you anki I mean
just the encouragement along the way
our mentor was joseph benson i don't
our mentor was joseph benson I don't
know i mean just the encouragement to
know I mean just the encouragement to
the team i mean we'll just you know i
the team I mean we'll just you know i
think there are no words to describe and
i think also just give us another level
I think also just give us another level
of
legitimacy in terms of what we were
trying to do so for me i think like i
trying to do so for me I think like i
said it was just the network to see that
there are other people I'm trying to do
the same thing but to know that there's
a network of people who are like sort of
cheering us on and who want us to really
succeed is is just was just
phenomenal
yeah yeah well I'm super happy to
hear that yes I'm 100 behind all of you
and definitely I'm super excited
that you're able to grow on it you're
also wanting to continue your journey
with Stellar so thank you so much fonto
and also like
big claps to all women founders here
like it's women history month this
this
march so
big class honestly like I'm super
excited to have you know each of you but
also you know
in particular because it's women history
month on board big claps all women
founders and i you know like so i
founders and I you know like so i
guess going a bit into that it's a
little surprised question but
did did that change anything being a
women founder like what would you kind
of like say also to encourage other
women founders in the space and
especially in blockchain as well
to get started
so i would say
so I would say
do it afraid but do it you know
you know because you're not ever
going to
i don't think you're going to ever get
I don't think you're going to ever get
100 comfortable so just you just need to
do it and even if you don't i mean one
do it and even if you don't I mean one
of the things that i think okay
of the things that I think okay
mentioned that the boot camp helped him
to do was sort of pivot a bit i think
to do was sort of pivot a bit I think
you know this was a space to be able to
after you you're done with the design
screen you start to sort of question
okay will this work won't this work and
it the the bootcamp was a safe space to
sort of explore those ideas so
especially for female founders again i
can't say it enough we don't get as
much support i would like to see but
much support I would like to see but
this is a really safe space this is a
place where you get a lot of support so
i just really want to encourage a lot of
I just really want to encourage a lot of
female founders who are maybe on the
fence to to make sure that they apply
and they will get the best of support
that i can attest to personally so
that I can attest to personally so
yeah
thank you so much for mentioning that
yeah i think like we cannot stress
yeah I think like we cannot stress
enough it's like if you are you know
like new to blockchain or you're kind of
like on the fence like i think like it's
like on the fence like I think like it's
very important just to just to apply
just to get started just to get in there
and who knows what will happen
there's a lot of excitement in the space
a lot of opportunity and yeah so I'm
super excited so before we kind of go
into also recommendations i wanted to
into also recommendations I wanted to
highlight a very special project as well
that i mentored I'm very excited about
that I mentored I'm very excited about
I'm excited about all of you by the way
just but honeycomb in particular i
was meant i was a facilitator and i was
was meant I was a facilitator and I was
part of the the
boot camp process so very excited dave
and dominic please
what was that what was participating in
the in the boot camp like
yeah participating in the boot
comforts
it was grueling
i like to tell david that on the
I like to tell david that on the
third day of the boot company he was
directed because i remember he didn't
directed because I remember he didn't
sleep one day on the night before them a
day but it was so much fun we were
truly stretched but we
were able to like lay the ground up for
something that we
pretty much worked on for months
afterwards and we're really really
grateful because of the bootcamp it
allowed us to
explore
how we we went we went in would come to
the question of how do we help our
creators and their funds be able to like
you know send receive crypto and we
walked out of the bootcamp wanting to
build a whole nft marketplace and we've
been able to do that at least we've
done a proof of concept for it we
wanted them in the bootcamp we were
able to like implement a fast checkout
flow for our creators being able to
like receive xlm and like i mean
like receive xlm and like I mean
in a in a way that would be
pretty easy for
non-crypto natives to be able to support
their creators and that was so much fun
and i mean it really stretched us
and I mean it really stretched us
and we went ahead immediately after to
just keep on building on that and i mean
just keep on building on that and I mean
it's been it's been really good since
yeah
yeah and just to add
i think one of the best things about the
I think one of the best things about the
the boots camp is it forced us
to have a sense of urgency i think
to have a sense of urgency I think
everyone in this panel can vouch for
that there's there's a certain
lethargicness or latency that comes in
your kind of startup whether you know
you have your roadmap on notion and you
queue it up for three months down the
line it feels like it never comes you
always work
yes with some urgency but it's never
really like oh this is next week that we
need to do you know a specific thing and
and that sort of like would have put us
in the frame of mind of thinking if if i
literally had a week to map out a sprint
and get to a point where we actually
have an mvp or something that we need to
ship out what life looked like and i
think it's something that also helped
you know to to to instill that culture
in
in in the company itself like you know
as we expand the team and you know just
carrying carrying that three-day sprint
culture you know holistically across
everything that we do and
the
growth attraction has been you know
enormous up until this point like we've
we've gone from you know free bootcamp
we're doing maybe a thousand dollars a
day on the high side now we're
processing up like up to a hundred
thousand dollars in a single day and
that's exciting to us yeah
and the validation that we're able to
accomplish in the bootcamp
and you know carrying that forward you
know building a end-to-end platform we
launched our escrange in one of the
first platforms to launch a fractional
nft protocol that we also brought over
to stella which is super exciting you
to Stellar which is super exciting you
know so just just so much that came out
of it and
also just being a part of the Stellar
ecosystem and which is you know
constantly growing and and super
supportive on every front especially
sdf
and and having you as a as a mentor
was pretty great to anyone watching
this I'm biased and i was if you guys
this I'm biased and I was if you guys
jumping in anki should be your mentor
well that's great to hear but i think
well that's great to hear but I think
like we had great mentors on board too
right and i think everyone here like
right and I think everyone here like
feel free to also chip in and kind of
like tell how grueling of an ex well
grueling but good of an experience it
was to have this like busy
packed
three-day boot camp but actually having
clear results at the anti-demo day and
that and it's like having that
like working with facilitator very
closely yeah i would love to hear if
closely yeah I would love to hear if
anyone you know wants to chip in on on
what david and dominic just said
who else had a grueling experience i
believe
was it
phone bank i believe chris and you
phone bank I believe chris and you
you jumped in from the from the u.s
yeah so i was in the i was in the u.s so
yeah so I was in the I was in the u.s so
i
it was a very long week getting up at
early east african time to participate
and
just to to demonstrate the committedness
of the program i think someone called
of the program I think someone called
me and woke me up the first morning to
make sure that i was showed up on
make sure that I was showed up on
time
but I'm actually forever grateful for
that
because then we were able to be fully
engaged and that just showed the level
of
you know the sincerity of the
engagement for the program so but
maybe get some sleep the night before
and plan to go to bed early if you're
going to join from other parts of the
world
yeah and just to add in
i think we still have that problem with
I think we still have that problem with
chris now because because he's on dc
time i usually have to have my
time I usually have to have my
working hours go all the way up to
7 00 p.m in east africa time yeah but
just to add to david's
point around grilling i think it's also
point around grilling I think it's also
about the
kind of vibe you get with your your
mentor facilitator because even at phone
bank i felt with chris
bank I felt with chris
chris was a really mature founder i
think he is mentioned it exited a couple
of companies so when i met him
of companies so when I met him
i really felt i had
I really felt I had
an easy time working with him we really
built up a great relationship together
so it doesn't have to be all grueling i
think it's also about finding
like the right cadence with with your
mentor and the founder you're assigned
to
yeah
and my and michael was pretty
great to work with and i think
great to work with and I think
that
looking at some of the other
relationships while i don't know if
relationships while I don't know if
others joined their the companies like
michael but i do think they they spent
michael but I do think they they spent
some time in in providing the matching
and i think all the mentors are very
and I think all the mentors are very
thoughtful in terms of how they
helped guide us through the process
yeah that's great to know I'm I'm very
excited about you know what happened
i was also like quite surprised by the
I was also like quite surprised by the
level of engagement that facilitators
were like that facilitators had and i
was also like oh wow these days
especially the first two days like we
were like
in the zoo and well i guess like was on
in the zoo and well I guess like was on
discord or something we were like in
discord we were on
let me see like we had the slides we
had the sigma you know and and also
like to the
folks watching like obviously like in
person and hopefully we can do some
in-person bootcamps sometimes and i can
in-person bootcamps sometimes and I can
all meet you in person
what was kind of like what surprised you
about this like virtual model and like
like like what was your experience
with that format and it's it's an open
question and then i'll start to get into
some more specific questions again
okay did you have any oh yeah ben
feel free to yeah go in
yeah just the follow through is is
what surprised me the most so even this
event for example is another convening
of you know all the participants and
we've we've had various conversations
since anka i know you've reached out
since anka I know you've reached out
multiple times and so i've been a part
of different boot camps over the years i
actually even worked at dfs lab for a
time
for a couple years and i i think the
for a couple years and I think the
follow through from Stellar and dfs lab
has been really fantastic and it's
clear that this wasn't just a
transaction you know like let's let's do
an event let's get some press around it
there's actually real relationships
formed and invested in and as as a
participant it's clear to me that that's
the intent of the organizers and so i
really appreciate that and i do feel
really appreciate that and I do feel
like there's kind of an emerging
community here i don't feel like an
community here I don't feel like an
outsider to the ecosystem so just kudos
to you all the organizers for for the
follow-through there and really
investing in that relationship
yeah yeah and kudos to you for also like
continuing your relationship on Stellar
it is it is definitely
so not without its challenges right
because like it you know this space
is a new space
right it's a growing space as like i
think someone mentioned earlier like we
have
constantly new technology coming out and
people will adapt to that and implement
it and grow in the network it's it's
it's a
we are growing and there's growing pains
coming with this not only from
technology but also from you know the
regulatory standpoints to you know users
users experience and kind of like work
we're at the forefront of innovation so
i kind of wanted to hear a bit more
I kind of wanted to hear a bit more
about opa's experience
in in this like well because like
obviously you know we've talked a lot
about how everyone's had a great time
how everyone has grown so much but now i
also kind of like very important want to
highlight some of the challenges and
so opel like what are some of the
challenges in getting a bonus what were
some of the challenges and getting
bonafide to where it is right now
thank you okay and i love the fact
thank you okay and I love the fact
that you you're trying to kind of point
out the good and the bad thankfully
there was no ugly
so i think one of the biggest challenges
so I think one of the biggest challenges
especially for folks who are
developing
you know blockchain or whether it's
cryptocurrency specifically is
navigating the the regulatory
space number one
it's not really clear if you're
following the news if you're looking at
what other people are doing you tend to
think that makes it writing but might
not necessarily be the writing
and
also in terms of in innovation
some some countries like a bit
should i say open around you know what's
should I say open around you know what's
happening cryptocurrency I'm innovation
some are kind of really closed and
loves you know available companies but
it's you as the right domicile what
does that look like for your partners
do they like you do they love it would
they want to be a delaware company but
you know a crypto license in some way or
some money transfer license is none of
the country you know do you need one
license in the u.s
that allows you to be much out of record
but unless it's really operating in the
u.s there's a lot of things that we have
to kind of figure out the the ad way and
i mean while this is the evolving one of
I mean while this is the evolving one of
the things i i i i kind of said after
the things I kind of said after
the other boot camp and i just want to
the other boot camp and I just want to
repeat it yeah I'm for everybody's
benefit for prosperity prosperity's sake
is that it'll be helpful if
a foundation like stella or a consulting
a foundation like Stellar or a consulting
foundations you know publish
information out there not necessarily
legal information you should have to
consult your own lawyer about what old
what works and as far as we know it i
mean they create the world on regulatory
on a country by country basis what are
the basic things you know you need to
to to have me by that play point of view
so we have to do x you know to be a
pilot for example to move money for
example or to just play our web tree
those things would really help to foster
innovation because the reality is folks
are confused nobody wants to go to jail
for trying to change the world right
and we all want to do good and we need
all the help we can get
yes no i totally agree on that front
yes no I totally agree on that front
it's it's it can be difficult navigating
especially like like and not only in
in all types of countries every country
right now every government is figuring
out what do regulations look like around
this new paradigm of internet
applications and i think like as a
applications and I think like as a
foundation we definitely
are on the forefront of policy but
there's always room for improvement so
definitely i think yeah these are all
definitely I think yeah these are all
great recommendations and we should look
into that for and like as we grow as a
team and i think like it's not only on
team and I think like it's not only on
the foundations and i think it's as a
the foundations and I think it's as a
community as a whole
being part of it like like getting each
other in the know and sharing like
what's going on i think it's really
what's going on I think it's really
important so we can all grow as a
community anyone that wants to add to
that because i think it's a very
that because I think it's a very
important interesting aspect and also
like not only challenges with like
regulatory but also like others so i
would love to before we kind of go
into recommendations for book and
participants i would love to like kind
participants I would love to like kind
of like reflect on what happened
hi nk i just wanted to say i think
hi nk I just wanted to say I think
danielle had his hand up danielle is one
of my co-founders from quidro but i
also just wanted to sort of echo exactly
what okay was saying but i think one of
what okay was saying but I think one of
the things that we're bumping into as
we're building is this whole
regulatory
ecosystem especially in the us
and you know I'm too cute to go to jail
so I'm like i need to figure out where
so I'm like I need to figure out where
exactly
what exactly is going on and you know i
found myself going down this whole of
reading about fincen and you know just a
lot of information so I'm going to be
hitting up me afterwards to say okay
dude please what did you do and just you
know maybe clear the way but i know
know maybe clear the way but I know
that danielle also wanted to mention
a few things as well from his experience
so daniel if you're there please go
ahead
thank you so
hi anki hi everyone i just wanted to
hi anki hi everyone I just wanted to
i think it was a question i was asked
I think it was a question I was asked
earlier i risked mine i think somebody
earlier I risked mine I think somebody
else also mentioned something i just
else also mentioned something I just
wanted to say that these are my
experience i think all the major thing i
experience I think all the major thing i
could pick from the boot camp
was the personalized
mentorship i think
mentorship I think
mr joe really did a good work because
I'm sure some of us be
the engagements and
sometimes i feel like drifting off like
sometimes I feel like drifting off like
okay let me just be in the meeting and
not be in the meeting or being the whole
thing and not being it you know but mr
joe will not even give you the
opportunity he's always engaging
and whatever and at the end of the day
you realize that yes it was really worth
it and
i really was not surprised at the fact
I really was not surprised at the fact
that i get i guess everyone who
that I get I guess everyone who
participated actually came out with
something and that was because of the
all personalized thing in my opinion
everybody was carried along no matter
what you are building you all everybody
got something out of it and it really
helped and I'm sure everybody's doing
what they need to do at this point in
time i just want to have that and say
time I just want to have that and say
shout out to the scf team and
the dsl lab thank you very much
yeah yeah i thank you so much to daniel
yeah yeah I thank you so much to daniel
i didn't realize you you had your hand
I didn't realize you you had your hand
up i guess like I'm in the wrong
up I guess like I'm in the wrong
in the wrong setting in zoom but
definitely like thanks so much for for
speaking up i think you know I'm
speaking up I think you know I'm
very happy that this personalized
like feature really works and you know
very relying here on dfs lab for the
design sprint you know boot camp of
course so joseph do you want to add a
few words to that
yeah so i think that's one of the
yeah so I think that's one of the
things that makes
the bootcamps quite like
special and engaging it's the fact that
we have these mentors who are kind of
really working with you to make sure
that you are not like dropping off
along the way and just basically you
know trying to help you find clarity
so we have like a bunch of so
you know you can be a player who has
already you know who has a ton of
experience building products and has you
know had money me
or you can be phonto who just like
started working with engineers and he's
still trying to figure it out and you
know there's there's going to be someone
who can help you and walk you through
you know you know stuff you know during
the bootcamp
i think it's also very important that
I think it's also very important that
you know like everyone has spoken about
like you know the involvement of the
Stellar team right so you know if
you wanted to understand like a business
case right for what you're building it
was pretty easy to talk to someone and
say hey help me figure this out and if
you're just ready to like delve into the
code and you know the test nets was
available that's like really stable
enough for you to delve in so
i think that you know that's like the
I think that you know that's like the
whole package you get you know with with
the bootcamp generally
yes yes definitely thank you for for
providing some more details around that
and i think like important to note is
and I think like important to note is
that the bootcamp is not the end right
so
even like oh we you know we it is not it
did feel like the end it definitely felt
like oh after these days I'm going to
take i actually took a long vacation off
take I actually took a long vacation off
oh like man this was a lot and you know
everyone else like I'm so excited happy
that you know like we had such a good
time together we really spent the energy
but you know after boot camp it is not
the end it's it's like it's really the
beginning of of your journey on Stellar
and i think like that you know like i
and I think like that you know like i
think we had very quickly after a bit
too quickly actually i think we had a
too quickly actually I think we had a
round of the Stellar community fund fund
which is an open application grant
program to support Stellar-based
projects with funding but also
it's really about that it's from from
the community so while sdf provides the
funds in the scf which is an acronym for
Stellar community fund
the community actually allocates it so
so it's a way of building your
relationship with community and then
also growing so
some of you went through the sdf i think
some of you went through the sdf I think
like it was a bit early stage in like
where and you know as we continue to
grow with the communities
there might be more opportunity there
will be more opportunities we have
current round open but one particular
project that went through is cuidroo and
kweduru i would love to hear your
kweduru I would love to hear your
experience and kind of like
talk a bit about your your experience
with the stella community fund and yeah
with the Stellar community fund and yeah
explain that yeah you were a winner
yeah so thank you so much okay so
and i first of all again i have to say
and I first of all again I have to say
thank you because you definitely prodded
us to make sure that we applied
and i think there was still a bit of
and I think there was still a bit of
the fatigue from the boot camp and we're
like yeah we'll apply it but anchor
really really really followed up and
just said you guys need to get on on top
of this and which we did and I'm very
grateful for that because that
opportunity allowed us to get
funding of i think was that five
funding of I think was that five
thousand dollars which has helped us to
like i mentioned earlier on hire like
like I mentioned earlier on hire like
four engineers we're going to do a bit
of a marketing blitz right now and
some other cool things and honestly if
we didn't get that funding from the
community fund you know i would be
community fund you know I would be
running around like a chicken without
his head looking for money right now
and that has just given us enough time
to sort of really build and build the
way we want to build so I'm super
excited i mean one of the things that
excited I mean one of the things that
you know we
i mean you mentioned discord earlier on
I mean you mentioned discord earlier on
right which is this
interesting
online platform where the developers and
different three people chime in
and one of the things that that
process allowed me to
allow myself and daniel to sort of
really
to do was to hone our our our our
product
and and be able to explain to anybody
who didn't know anything about what we
were trying to do right and we received
a few questions where i was like huh and
a few questions where I was like huh and
then you know someone would ask the
question and just go in and i'll
scramble back with you know i'll see
yesterday i'll be like how do we this is
a value point what do we do how do we
solve this problem so again it was
teasing us a lot of you know issues
questions that we needed to start
thinking about and thinking about it you
know
really deeply so and the process wasn't
difficult to be honest we just had to
apply and just again make a case for
what we needed the funds for
and we didn't ask for too much money
we just asked for really what we needed
which i think is also very critical
which I think is also very critical
and we got it so again I'm super excited
i can't say enough about this whole
I can't say enough about this whole
process you know i you know like i
process you know I you know like i
said i you know we're building and I'm
said I you know we're building and I'm
so excited and you know when i talk to
so excited and you know when I talk to
other founders that i know and you know
other founders that I know and you know
i think after that experience everybody
I think after that experience everybody
i mentioned were like please where do i
I mentioned were like please where do i
sign up so I'm expecting that all the
founders that i know are you know going
founders that I know are you know going
to apply for this bootcamp because again
it's giving us just that opportunity to
be able to build in a way that we're not
rushed to give us a bit more runway i
would say and the process was not
difficult and there was a lot of helpful
people you know chiming in asking
questions sort of prodding what we're
trying to do
and
yeah and we got the money so yay thank
you thank you thank you scf yes yes yes
yeah I'm I'm very excited about that
now i don't know if daniel wants to see
now I don't know if daniel wants to see
something but yeah so we're we've
been in the trenches together and and i
will say that you know that funding
has allowed us like i said to hire more
has allowed us like I said to hire more
engineers and i think we're 60 of the
engineers and I think we're 60 of the
way
so again like i said very soon we're
so again like I said very soon we're
going to have a product and it would not
have been
possible without again this funding this
intervention and to just even know that
we could always come back
and the other thing i have to mention
and the other thing I have to mention
quickly to anybody who's watching is
this is like non-dilutive so it wasn't
nobody asked for equity nobody asked for
anything this was just okay we believe
in your in your products will be leaving
your idea here's money that good good
build and let's see what you have so
again i can't even say enough of it i
again I can't even say enough of it i
hope everybody who's listening signs up
signs up for the boot camp so that you
can then be recommended for
the scf i can't say it enough so
the scf I can't say it enough so
thank you anki yeah yeah awesome yeah i
mean thank you honestly like i think and
mean thank you honestly like I think and
for like weekend they also can't control
their community so while i can always
their community so while I can always
encourage you to sign up it's really for
scf it's the community of both here so
that's a really well the validation and
for any anyone watching like it's a
great experience but we are coming up on
time very soon there is one
question for honeycomb that i really
question for honeycomb that I really
wanted to dive into and then dive
into like some quick recommendations
before we kind of enter let's
talk about some details about the boot
camp since we did start a little bit
later so if you need to hop
don't don't be shy but yeah so so
david and dominic they delved into your
project yet but actually your project
doesn't only use Stellar it also uses
multiple change and
i would love to for you to give a bit of
I would love to for you to give a bit of
details about that and what does that
multi-chain future look like and how
does Stellar really fit in
yeah thanks for asking that thank you
I'm super happy to join in there so
yeah and you're absolutely right like
for us you know we
we are strong believers in
interoperability and and in building
bridges so that like
there's there's better interaction
across chains because because there's
also like you know some value props that
may come from one chain that can be
found that might not actually be found
on another one and and for us and on an
infrastructure level what we've
essentially built is like a cross-train
bridge for six different blockchains so
that would include cello and polygon
ethereum Stellar
bitcoin
and flow as well
oh and harmony and and why that's
important to us is we believe that in
order to like you know create true
utility like we want to actually build
like a multi-chain platform that allows
folks to one benefit from the
value props that a particular blockchain
might provide but why stella is such a
might provide but why Stellar is such a
key component
of that bridging is one the automated
marketing making functionality on stella
is
a lot more affordable and allows for
a lot more
modifiability than other chains might
might also provide but you know tying in
one the affordability of the blockchain
two the fact that it's it's very
programmable in comparison to like
other blockchains as well allows us then
to build frameworks and protocols on top
of stella that we can then leverage in
of Stellar that we can then leverage in
our cross chain bridges so that can be
for swaps which already provide so like
imagine swapping usdc from xlm to
ethereum or imagine escorting a
transaction on polygon and receiving it
on a different chain like like stella
on a different chain like like Stellar
for us stella
stella as a blockchain
Stellar as a blockchain
provides the interoperability and and
programmable nature that allows us to
then build like you know really cool
products around the use cases that we're
trying to power on top of multiple
chains which is super exciting to us
yeah i think i think this is a yeah
yeah I think I think this is a yeah
thank you so much for bringing us up and
for explaining that multi-chain nature
of honeycomb and i think that's also
of honeycomb and I think that's also
like where the future's headed right i
think like we are kind of in the
early days of the internet so to speak
like in the 1980s 1990s like when you
know like internet started to browse up
you have all these different things and
you know we're all growing as an
ecosystem and and to find like
interoperability where needed to really
because the end goal really is to
provide support or
answer the needs for your user audience
right whichever way is best so I'm
very excited for that and I'm also very
excited that david and nominee to see
your product really grow
and also receive funding but we are
definitely definitely on time now and i
just you know before we dive into kind
of like a bit of the details of the boot
camps and the discussion
i wanted from each of from whoever
I wanted from each of from whoever
wants to give give their opinion a
kind of like if you were
like if you were all going all over
again you would apply to the boot camp
like what would you really what would
you recommend new boot camp
participants
to for yeah to do to do or like for
any advice you wanted to give
i think i can chime in there first
I think I can chime in there first
i would say just keep an open mind the
I would say just keep an open mind the
thing that you think you might be
entering that we're going to build might
not be the actual thing that you'd end
up building which is a very
it's very good to be open minded if you
stay rigid it might limit you from you
know the very thing that you probably
would you know be more better off
building instead of the one that you had
in your mind going into the boost
yeah go go ahead it's free for all now
okay so i think my advice to other
okay so I think my advice to other
people who are coming in is
to
just have an open mind like i said
just have an open mind like I said
earlier on the kind of value that you
can get from the
stella
blockchain network which is more like
it's a network not just a bootcamp so i
think this is
that kind of perspective on the value of
this bootcamp i think something else
this bootcamp I think something else
just some general advice for founders
out there
i think my co-founder chris mentioned
I think my co-founder chris mentioned
that it's really important to have a
product that that's relatable that's
easy to onboard that really takes out
and abstracts away the some of the
complexities of the
early internet like anchor said and i
think for me the other component which
is something that i found to
is something that I found to
from phone bank is
solving problems
in africa right now you know and a lot
of those problems are how can we get
more young people jobs how can we get
more young people
earning in the gig economy how can we
likely leave them of some of their daily
expenses whether it's air time or data
or whatever else you know just
whatever it is you can do to help these
young people their pockets and they are
not living i think it's really going to
not living I think it's really going to
go
a long way in addressing those problems
and and as someone who's running growth
activities for phone bank it really
makes it easy to sell the product I'm
having the easiest time selling the
product
because I'm just telling people look
this is something that could help you
save up on your airtime and your data
bills per month you know that's a very
strong proposition so
those two points for me
i was going to say
I was going to say
you know i would encourage everybody to
you know I would encourage everybody to
just apply apply for the bootcamp
you know don't
you know i mean yeah just apply because
you know I mean yeah just apply because
i think you know once you sort of get
I think you know once you sort of get
over the hump of application and you get
accepted it sort of unfolds and unfolds
itself where you know the the amount
of support
both technical and just
emotional and you know everything comes
into play
but also
you know the opportunities that this
wall sort of opens up like you said i
think you know anybody who's in doubt as
to whether this is a wave of the future
or not needs to you really get with the
program and so to be part of of of this
sort of not necessarily wild wild west
but i think that unfolding be part of
but I think that unfolding be part of
that journey is very critical
and again you're we're all part of a
network now of people who are sort of
trying to figure this out together so
you're not by yourself you're not alone
so again i'll just say please please
please
apply and opportunities will sort of
you know one thing sort of builds up
after the other you do this and then
another opportunity opens up you know
you know through anki's suggestion we
applied for the berkeley accelerator
program and you know hopefully we'll
we'll get into the program knock on wood
but those are opportunities that we
would never have ever thought about
you know if again we didn't even
apply for the you know the boot camp so
again please please please if you're
listening just apply just start start
the application and don't leave it too
late make sure you hit the deadline
apply
yeah i love that i love that just apply
yeah I love that I love that just apply
and also you're not alone in the space
like it's it's like there's like i think
like it's it's like there's like I think
like because we're all here like we're
all together at you know all struggling
we're all like building on furthering
innovation and it's not easy and so
we're together as a community and also
the Stellar community I'm I'm I'm very
closely connected with and i think
closely connected with and I think
that's a really great place to get
started as well and you know like thank
you for for your i just quickly
you for for your I just quickly
quickly wanted to because like one thing
that's from ope and and also like wanted
to hear since like what opportunities
and kind of like in in the investment
advice like a like what are their
what are the opportunities like and into
getting investment in this space look
like and like what is your advice for
for for
future bootcamp participants
yeah i would i would quickly talk
yeah I would I would quickly talk
about that definitely webtree is very
odds now and
clearly companies that didn't stop in
this space as long as there's a real
job to be done for users there are
investors that are willing to back you
but the challenge with a lot of
entrepreneurs is figuring out how to
reach out to those investors how do you
get coinbase
how do you get cracking how do you get
you know stella
on your captive i would say this is
on your captive I would say this is
one of those those ways you can start
getting to some zombies inwards so yes
I'm following from those words yeah
please
click on that body I'm your business on
webtree apply
for the next bootcamp
amazing all right well i've kept you
here long enough longer than you wanted
to
no but you know thank you so much
to each and every one of
you like i am i am so excited and i
you like I am I am so excited and i
honestly like i feel very proud
honestly like I feel very proud
of what we've accomplished and I'm very
proud of all of your all of your
growth i take it personally
growth I take it personally
it's like i've been part of this process
and i feel like it's kind of like part
and I feel like it's kind of like part
of of your growth so definitely
you know are very excited and also you
know like going into that we have
another
boot camp coming up
i am super excited and i would love
I am super excited and I would love
joseph if you wanted to I'm going to
share my screen so we actually have some
fancy slides coming up one second
for joseph to present and then we can
we can start to end the boot camp but
not and this the discussion of
beautiful growth among these
companies so joseph take it away
yeah so you know it's like we've spent
like the past like our floors talking
about the boots camp and we're we
have another one coming up it's a
three-day virtual boot camp
where
we basically work with you know teams to
go from you know your idea to a
prototype in those three days and
the idea is to basically help you like
think fast and think through like some
of the problems you face some of the
challenges you face and then kind of
come to like
a very simple like you know solution
that you can immediately like start
playing around with you get to work
with mentors you know whatever
idea you have you you'll have a
mentor to work with you have the
exciting
amazing team from sdf that everyone has
been talking about so far to also guide
you from anything you know from
business cases to technical
challenges and then even past like
the boots camp you have all that support
still you still have the community
you
there's going to be a demo day at the
end of the boots camp where you present
you know your prototype and we are you
know awarding prizes with the sdf for
the foundation from anywhere from you
know five thousand
to twenty thousand dollars a lot of
excellent and so and there's of
course like funto has pointed out
opportunity for follow-up funding you
know from a bunch of you know
people including the stella the wider
people including the Stellar the wider
Stellar community itself
so applications are ongoing now you
should definitely apply
you just go to the link as seen on
this screen and apply we you know
extended the application date again just
so like more people can get get the
opportunity so applications close on the
27th so please please please do apply
it's really it's it's like it's
it's it's challenging in many ways
but it's also like very rewarding i i
but it's also like very rewarding I i
can assure you and just like you know
most of the panelists here said like
it's it's really it's a really great
opportunity yeah thanks
you did
awesome well thank you so much everyone
for being here
for sharing your stories for your
experience and i really look forward to
experience and I really look forward to
your growth as companies please keep me
updated and stay in the Stellar
community and the sdf because the stf is
also upcoming
and definitely has a lot of
opportunities this round
and yeah I'm excited to hear from you
and definitely to all of future bootcamp
participating participants watching
applications are open as joseph
mentioned and definitely apply
so thank you so much again to everyone
really grateful for your work and yeah
let's stay in touch